Yeah. I, I definitely just like with fasting,
have the philosophical benefit of running long and running slow.
I enjoy cuz it,
it kind of clears the mind and allows you to think actually listen to brown
noise. As I run,
it really helps remove myself from the world and just like zoom in a particular
thoughts. What are brown noise? It's it's like white noise, but deeper.
So like the white noise is like, and then brown noise is more like,
like ocean. That sounds great. I.
I might try that.
Yeah. Yeah. It's uh,
it's mostly thing probably I'm I'm not sure there could be science to this.
I need to look this up. I've been meaning to, but I've when I started,
uh, this is maybe like five years ago.
I started listening brow noise when I work. And uh,
the first time I listened to it,
something happened to my mind where it just went like zoomed in
to like in a way that it felt like really weird, like how,
how precisely it was able to sort of remove the distractions of the world
and really help my mind, obviously like the mind is trying to focus.
And then it just enabled that process of trying to focus on a particular
problem. I don't know if this is generalizable to others,
people should definitely try to feel listening to this. Um,
maybe it's just my own mind, but it's funny me. Like
it made me brown noise made me realize that there's probably hacks out there
that work for me, that I should be constantly looking for. It's almost like, um,
an encouraging and motivating of event that
maybe there's other stuff out there. Maybe there's other brown noise,
like thing out there that truly like almost immediately make me feel better.
I don't know if it's generalizable to others,
but it does seem that it's the case.
That there's probably for many others, things like that,
that could be discovered.
And so it's always disappointing when I find things in life that
I wish I would found earlier. Like I got LASIK eye surgery, uh,
a few years ago and the first thought I had,
like the next day when I woke up is like, why didn't I do this way earlier?
There's all this stuff, uh, of, of that nature that, um,
that yet to be discovered. So pace to explore.
Yeah, though, you have a different mind. You have quite a beautiful mind.
So I suspect brown noise helps you focus and cuz you're probably all over the
place if you don't control.
It. Yeah, exactly. I mean something about it. It's a programmer thing.
I don't the a programming is a really difficult, um,
mental journey. Cause you have to keep a lot of things in mind. You have to. Uh,
so you're constantly designing things.
Then you have to be extremely precise by making those things concrete in code.
You also have to look stuff up on the internet
to sort of feed like information and looking up stuff on the internet.
Internet is full of like distracting things.
So you have to be really focused in the way you look stuff up and pulling that
information in. So it requires a certain discipline and a certain focus that,
uh, I've been very much exploring how to do like I do it really well in the
coffee's involved, all those kinds of things you're trying to optimize, uh,
keeping very positive, inspired, no social media,
all those kinds of things and trying to optimize for.
And everybody has their own kind of little journey that they try to understand.
You get this from like writers. When you read about the habits of writers,
like the habits they do in the morning, they usually write like 2, 3,
4 hours a day and that's it.
It's like they optimize that ritual and then there's always hunter Thompson.
So <laugh> uh,
sometimes it pays off to be wild.